# Chat-GPT_Detector

#### Notes:
- The `archive` directory contains the training and testing datasets.
- The `bin` directory contains the compiled executables.
- The `src` directory contains the source code.

#### Requirements:
- To run the `evaluator` and `was_chatted` executables, the `0.bin` and `1.bin` models must be first generated by running the `trainer` executable.

#### Usage:
- The executables accept various command line arguments. Run them with the `-h` flag to see the available options.

#### Compilation:
- `g++ -Wall -O3 -o bin/trainer src/main/trainer.cpp`
- `g++ -Wall -O3 -o bin/evaluator src/main/evaluator.cpp`
- `g++ -Wall -O3 -o bin/was_chatted src/main/was_chatted.cpp`

#### Example commands:
- `./bin/trainer archive/final_train_balanced_by_char_count.csv`
- `./bin/evaluator -m 0.bin -m 1.bin archive/final_test.csv`
- `./bin/was_chatted -m 0.bin -m 1.bin archive/text.txt`

#### Description:
- The `trainer` executable generates a model for each label using the training dataset (CSV file). The models are saved as binary files (e.g., `0.bin` and `1.bin`).
- The `evaluator` executable evaluates the models on the test dataset (CSV file).
- The `was_chatted` executable predicts the model that was used to generate the input text (TXT file) out of the specified models.

#### Training dataset format:
- The training dataset is a CSV file with the following columns: `text`, `label`.
- The `text` column contains the input text.
- The `label` column contains the label of the input text (0 or 1).

#### Testing dataset format:
- The testing dataset is a CSV file using the same format as the training dataset.